[ZT] dedicated egress IPs (#6225)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/egress-policies.md

When you enable dedicated egress IPs, Gateway updates their geolocations in the [MaxMind GeoIP2 database](https://www.maxmind.com/en/geoip2-services-and-databases). Other websites such as Google will check the MaxMind database to geolocate a user's source IP. This process can take anywhere from one week to up to four weeks. For example, if your users are in India, they would get a U.S. Google landing page instead of the Indian Google landing page until Google picks up the updated IP geolocation.

#### Verify IP geolocation

To verify that the IP geolocation has updated on MaxMind, go to the [MaxMind GeoIP tool](https://www.maxmind.com/en/geoip2-precision-demo) and enter your dedicated egress IP.

### Egress location

#### IPv4

To physically egress from a specific location, traffic must be proxied to Cloudflare via IPv4. The end user connects to the nearest Cloudflare data center, but Cloudflare will internally route their traffic to egress from one of your dedicated locations. Therefore, the connected data center shown in the user's WARP client preferences may not match their actual egress location.

> We are able to offer better IPv4 performance when users visit domains proxied by Cloudflare (also known as an [orange-clouded](https://community.cloudflare.com/t/step-3-enabling-the-orange-cloud/52715) domain). In this scenario, IPv4 traffic will physically egress from the most performant data center in our network while still appearing to egress from one of your dedicated locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are able to offer better IPv4 performance when users visit domains proxied by Cloudflare (also known as an [orange-clouded](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) domain). In this scenario, IPv4 traffic will physically egress from the most performant data center in our network while still appearing to egress from one of your dedicated locations.
```
